Look what they brought for you.
Minister. you honor us.
What do you say. Babak?
Thank you. Minister.
You're welcome.
Can you read the inscription on the box?
"The handle of your dagger
is world seizing."
Your father is helping Iran
seize the world.
Careful. Babak!
This is not a toy.
this is the gift of a war hero.
We are grateful for your generosity.
Minister.
I hope it reminds him of his home country.
You are generous to us.
We have karaoke for those who want...
No. no wait wait. One more gift!
Babak dear.
Babak. dear. this is for you.
What do you think is inside?
Huh? Are you happy?
An iPhone! Thank you. Uncle. thank you!
It's the best gift ever.
I adore you.
With the work your father is doing
to open Iran back to the world...
...you will need a powerful tool
like this.
Plus. it has Candy Crush!
A wonderful party.
Thank you for all you've done
these past few months
for Iran and our nuclear program.
I know it's not easy
being so far from home.
You're too kind.
And you. Vahid...
It will be good to get you
back to Tehran...
...and remember where you're from.
I look forward to it. Minister.
My part of this work will be done
within the week.
Thank you again. God keep you safe.
What?
He's right.
You're forgetting yourself.
You know as well as I...
...this is not the time to be swimming
in these waters.
It's the task we've been given.
Your work is meaningful too. Cyrus.
Life changing.
It shows the power of diplomacy.
But what do you think happens when we give
technology like this to men like Yousef?
We rise through the ranks.
and take back control.
Control?
Look at the chaos caused by our allies
who fight with sticks and rocks.
What do you think happens when
nuclear weapons are in the wrong hands?
They won't be in the wrong hands.
Maybe it's you who's been away
from our country too long.
His hypocrisy is only outdone
by his ignorance.
Yes. We're en route.
We'll be in Geneva tonight.
Hey! What the hell are you doing?
Do you like that song?
You don't?
What's up?
Be careful. they are clearing the tunnel.
Stay alert.
Keep your eyes open.
Get out!
Back up! Back up!
Go! GO!
We have to get out!